Prepare Design lifecycle features for develop (#131)
nautobot/nautobot-app-design-builder: docs/user/design_development.md

This attribute is optional. A report is a Jinja template that is rendered once the design has been implemented. Like `design_file` the design builder will look for this template relative to the filename that defines the design job. This is helpful to generate a custom view of the data that was built during the design build.

### `version`

It's an optional string attribute that is used to define the versioning reference of a design job. This will enable in the future the versioning lifecycle of design deployments. For example, one a design evolves from one version to another, the design deployment will be able to accommodate the new changes.

### `description`

> It's an optional string attribute that will be used in the `Job` / `Design` to provide a high-level overview of the intend of the design job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional attribute that is a string that provides a high-level overview of the intend of the design job. This description is displayed int the design detail view.
```
